Adding clarifications to avoid common issues our users currently encounter (#2275)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/1.5.x/kong-for-kubernetes/install-on-kubernetes.md

    the database, delete Postgres' persistent volumes in your Kubernetes cluster, then 
    retry the Helm install. 
    </div>
    
    <div class="alert alert-warning">
    <i class="fas fa-exclamation-triangle" style="color:orange; margin-right:3px"></i> 
    <strong>Important:</strong> 

>     If you have already installed the CRDs, run the command above with the following flag: `--set ingressController.installCRDs=false`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have already installed the CRDs, run the command above with the following flag: <code>--set ingressController.installCRDs=false</code>. 
```

    $ kubectl get svc -n kong my-kong-kong-admin --output=jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}'
    ```

> ⚠️**Important:** The command above requires the enabling of the Admin API. If you have not set the value `admin.enabled` to true in your `values.yaml`, then the command above will not work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div class="alert alert-warning">
    <i class="fas fa-exclamation-triangle" style="color:orange; margin-right:3px"></i> 
    <strong>Important:</strong> The command above requires the Kong Admin API. If you 
    have not set <code>admin.enabled</code> to <code>true</code> in your 
    <code>values.yaml</code>, then this command will not work. 
    </div>
```
